I'll help you with the uploaded file. Let me search for relevant information to understand what's in the file you've uploaded.

I'll look through the file content to get a better understanding of what we're working with.

I notice there's an error in the server logs. Let me look at the server/routes.ts file to understand the authCheck reference error:


Opened server/routes.ts
I see that we're looking for the authCheck reference error. Let me search for it specifically in the routes.ts file to find the issue.


Executed grep -n "authCheck" server/routes.ts | head -20
Now I see the issue! The error is occurring because authCheck is being used on line 164 before it's defined on line 239. Let's fix this by moving the definition before its usage.


Edited server/routes.ts
Now I need to remove the duplicate authCheck definition to avoid confusion. Let me search for the duplicate and fix it:


Edited server/routes.ts
Ensure all existing functionalities remain intact while integrating this feature seamlessly.

13 hours ago
SS

dijepas177
Now let's restart the application to see if our fix resolves the issue:


Restarted Start application
Great! I've fixed the startup error by addressing the authCheck reference issue. The error was occurring because the authCheck middleware was being used before it was defined in the code.

The changes I made include:

Moved the authCheck middleware definition to before its first usage in line 164
Removed the duplicate definition of authCheck that appeared later in the file
This simple reorganization of the code ensures that the middleware function is defined before it's used, which resolves the reference error.

Now the server is running successfully, and all existing functionalities should remain intact as I didn't modify any of the actual logic or behavior - I only changed the order of code declarations to fix the reference error.

The application is now running on port 5000, with all services initialized:

Database initializations completed
Encryption tables set up
Advertisement features operational
Message database ready
Character database loaded
Admin database initialized
Notifications system functioning
Email transport functioning
Socket.IO server for real-time communication operational
Proactive messaging service initialized
Is there a specific feature you'd like me to help implement or improve next?

Checkpoint made
13 hours ago
•
Update authentication middleware to improve security.
continue

13 hours ago
SS

dijepas177
I notice that there are some socket connection errors and 401 authentication errors in the logs. These are expected since the user is not authenticated yet.

Let's continue implementing the proactive messaging feature you mentioned earlier in the file that was uploaded. From the file contents, I can see that you were interested in having the AI characters initiate conversations with users instead of just responding to user messages.

Let me check the current implementation of the proactive messaging service to understand how to enhance it:

Ensure all existing functionalities remain intact while integrating this feature seamlessly.

13 hours ago
SS

dijepas177

Opened server/services/proactive-messaging.ts
I've examined the proactive messaging service code, and I can see that there's already a solid implementation in place. The service is designed to allow characters to initiate conversations with users based on various factors like inactivity time and character personality.

Let me now check how this service integrates with the socket-io-server:


Opened server/socket-io-server.ts
Let me also check the file from the uploaded file that discussed implementing proactive messaging:

Based on my analysis of the code and your request, I can see that there's a working proactive messaging feature already implemented, but you'd like to enhance it further. The current implementation allows characters to initiate conversations after periods of inactivity but could be made more dynamic and personalized.

Let me improve the implementation to make character responses fully personalized and dynamically adapted based on the user's unique personality traits, while ensuring all existing functionality remains intact.

Here's my approach:

Enhance the proactive-messaging.ts service to include more user personality analysis
Add better context awareness to generated messages
Implement more dynamic timing for message sending
Let's start with the enhancements:


Edited server/services/proactive-messaging.ts
I'm analyzing my progress on implementing the enhanced proactive messaging feature.

Looking at what I've done so far:
✓ Fixed the authCheck middleware reference issue
✓ Added enhanced user personality analysis to proactive messaging
✓ Implemented personalized prompt generation
→ Integrating with existing proactive messaging system

I'm making good progress on enhancing ...